13th Annual Run for Charity 2025 – 5K & 1K – Run/Walk
Prizes: 15 post race raffle prizes

Click here to View Race Results
Packet Pickup
Friday, September 12
5:00 PM – 8:00 PM
Country Oven — 2501 Centreville Rd, Herndon, VA
Saturday, September 13
10:00 AM – 2:00 PM
RRHS — 43460 Loudoun Reserve Dr, Ashburn, VA
Saturday, September 13
5:00 PM to 7:00 PM
Ashburn Biryani grill - 43530 Yukon Dr, Ashburn, VA 20147
Please note: Race packets will NOT be available on race day.
Race Date: Sunday– September 14th 8:00 AM EST

Race Location: Rock Ridge High School – 43460 Loudoun Reserve Dr, Ashburn, VA 20148

Parking Address: Rock Ridge High School – 43460 Loudoun Reserve Dr, Ashburn, VA 20148

IMPORTANT: Event parking will be accessible till 7:45 AM. Due to road closures, late arrivals will need to manage parking on their own.

Finisher Medal: Everyone running for charity is a WINNER!!! Everyone will receive a finisher's medal at the finish line.

All participants are eligible for post-race 15 raffle prizes (must be present at the event location to win) – All participants will be entered into a raffle.

Timer: This race will be timed using the professional tracker. Your time starts ONLY when you cross the start line. Race timing will be published on the website.

Photos/Videos: Plenty of photo opportunities. We will upload the photos and videos on Best Runners website after the event.

Volunteering: High and Middle school students can volunteer for the upcoming Run for Charity. This is a great opportunity for your kids to earn service hours while supporting a great cause. Contact the volunteer coordinator at the Race venue to signup.

Need Help? Click here to join Whatsapp Helpline group. Email: info@bestrunners.org Race day volunteers wear royal blue color T-Shirt, please ask any volunteer if you need any help.

Run for Charity 2025 It’s More Than a Run! It’s a celebration of community, health, and giving back! Celebrate with music, movement, and moments that make it unforgettable.

Here’s everything waiting for you at the finish line (and beyond):
💛 Awesome Race T-Shirt
🎒 Custom Race Bag
🏅 Finisher Medal
🥥 Signature Healthy Snack — made with sprouts, nuts, dates & coconut
🌱 Gluten & Allergy-Free Snack Options
🥤 Fresh BRT — a refreshing, energizing drink to kickstart your morning
🍋 Fresh Lemonade — made on-site to keep you hydrated
🥙 FREE Falafel Sandwich — redeem with your BIB at Falafel Inc
🍌 Fresh Fruits — banana, watermelon & oranges
🚰 Plenty of Clean Drinking Water

Celebrate with music, movement, and moments that make it unforgettable:
🎵 Live Music by Notes N Beats — setting the vibe at the venue
🎧 DJ Set by BR’s own Shiv — bringing the beats all morning
💃 Flash Mob Performances — high-energy teams led by Navya & Anu
🎟️ 15 Raffle Drawings — drop your BIB in the Raffle Box to enter
🏅 Prizes for Winners — you run, you win